src\controller\viewmanager\ViewManagerException.java:3: warning: [serial] serial
izable class ViewManagerException has no definition of serialVersionUID
public class ViewManagerException extends Exception
       ^
src\model\food\LineItem.java:7: warning: [overrides] Class LineItem overrides eq
uals, but neither it nor any superclass overrides hashCode method
public class LineItem {
       ^
src\controller\InventoryController.java:34: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type:
Spinner
    private Spinner spinnerQuantityIncoming, spinnerQuantityOutgoing;
            ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Spinner<T>
  where T is a type-variable:
    T extends Object declared in class Spinner
src\controller\InventoryController.java:34: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type:
Spinner
    private Spinner spinnerQuantityIncoming, spinnerQuantityOutgoing;
            ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Spinner<T>
  where T is a type-variable:
    T extends Object declared in class Spinner
src\controller\MainMenuController.java:26: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: C
hoiceBox
    private ChoiceBox comboName;
            ^
  missing type arguments for generic class ChoiceBox<T>
  where T is a type-variable:
    T extends Object declared in class ChoiceBox
src\controller\MainMenuController.java:78: warning: [unchecked] unchecked call t
o setConverter(StringConverter<T>) as a member of the raw type ChoiceBox
        comboName.setConverter(new StringConverter<User>()
                              ^
  where T is a type-variable:
    T extends Object declared in class ChoiceBox
src\controller\MainMenuController.java:96: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: D
ialog
            Dialog d = pdf.create();
            ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\controller\MainMenuController.java:97: warning: [unchecked] unchecked conver
sion
            Optional<ButtonType> result = d.showAndWait();
                                                       ^
  required: Optional<ButtonType>
  found:    Optional
src\controller\MainMenuController.java:111: warning: [unchecked] unchecked call
to select(T) as a member of the raw type SingleSelectionModel
                        comboName.getSelectionModel().select(currentUser);
                                                            ^
  where T is a type-variable:
    T extends Object declared in class SingleSelectionModel
src\controller\MainMenuController.java:117: warning: [unchecked] unchecked call
to select(T) as a member of the raw type SingleSelectionModel
                comboName.getSelectionModel().select(currentUser);
                                                    ^
  where T is a type-variable:
    T extends Object declared in class SingleSelectionModel
src\controller\MainMenuController.java:124: warning: [unchecked] unchecked call
to setItems(ObservableList<T>) as a member of the raw type ChoiceBox
        comboName.setItems(FXCollections.observableArrayList(dbm.getUsers()));
                          ^
  where T is a type-variable:
    T extends Object declared in class ChoiceBox
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:27: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dialo
g
    public Dialog create() {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:38: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dialo
g
    public Dialog create(DialogMessageType type) {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:70: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dialo
g
    public Dialog createConfirmationDialog(String message) {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:87: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dialo
g
    public Dialog createConfirmationDialog(DialogMessageType type) {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:126: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dial
og
    public Dialog createWarningDialog(String message) {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:143: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dial
og
    public Dialog createWarningDialog(DialogMessageType type) {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:173: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dial
og
    public Dialog createInformationDialog(String message) {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:190: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dial
og
    public Dialog createInformationDialog(DialogMessageType type) {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:215: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dial
og
        dialog = new Dialog();
                     ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\DialogFactory.java:242: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dial
og
    private Dialog dialog;
            ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\I_DialogFactory.java:6: warning: [rawtypes] found raw type: Dial
og
    Dialog create();
    ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\PasswordDialogFactory.java:28: warning: [rawtypes] found raw typ
e: Dialog
    public Dialog create() {
           ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\PasswordDialogFactory.java:38: warning: [rawtypes] found raw typ
e: Dialog
        dialog = new Dialog();
                     ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
src\view\dialog\PasswordDialogFactory.java:79: warning: [rawtypes] found raw typ
e: Dialog
    private Dialog dialog;
            ^
  missing type arguments for generic class Dialog<R>
  where R is a type-variable:
    R extends Object declared in class Dialog
25 warnings